README.md, before:

# Ionicons Version 3.0 Search

Dynamically search for version 3.0 Ionicons using icon names, tags, and community-added tags to better locate the icon you need! **View the live page [here](https://infinitered.github.io/ionicons-version-3-search/)** and get your search on!

Clicking on an icon provides convenience text for classname, full HTML tag, escaped HTML, and CSS content. It also shows the icon in various font sizes.

Think an icon needs another tag? Is the version 2.0 name not finding the new 3.0 tag you want? See below for how to contribute!

## What is Ionicons?

[Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/) by [Drifty](https://github.com/driftyco) is the premium icon font for [Ionic](http://ionicframework.com/), but can be used in any project. It is completely free and open source under an MIT license. The original repo can be accessed [here](https://github.com/driftyco/ionicons/), and switch to branch 3.0 to see version 3.0.

If you're using version 2.0, you can search for icons on the [Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/) site.

## How to Contribute

Contributions to the community tags are welcome. Add tags to the `communityTags` array for the associated icon in **scripts/icons.js**. Verify the changes are non-breaking - use a JSON linter and run the app locally to test.

To run the site locally, you will need to run a small server. If you have Ruby installed, you can run this tiny server from your command line:
```
$ ruby -run -e httpd . -p 3000
```

Then go to localhost:3000 to view it.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Infinite Red, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add section about premium support

README.md, after:

# Ionicons Version 3.0 Search

Dynamically search for version 3.0 Ionicons using icon names, tags, and community-added tags to better locate the icon you need! **View the live page [here](https://infinitered.github.io/ionicons-version-3-search/)** and get your search on!

Clicking on an icon provides convenience text for classname, full HTML tag, escaped HTML, and CSS content. It also shows the icon in various font sizes.

Think an icon needs another tag? Is the version 2.0 name not finding the new 3.0 tag you want? See below for how to contribute!

## What is Ionicons?

[Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/) by [Drifty](https://github.com/driftyco) is the premium icon font for [Ionic](http://ionicframework.com/), but can be used in any project. It is completely free and open source under an MIT license. The original repo can be accessed [here](https://github.com/driftyco/ionicons/), and switch to branch 3.0 to see version 3.0.

If you're using version 2.0, you can search for icons on the [Ionicons](http://ionicons.com/) site.

## How to Contribute

Contributions to the community tags are welcome. Add tags to the `communityTags` array for the associated icon in **scripts/icons.js**. Verify the changes are non-breaking - use a JSON linter and run the app locally to test.

To run the site locally, you will need to run a small server. If you have Ruby installed, you can run this tiny server from your command line:
```
$ ruby -run -e httpd . -p 3000
```

Then go to localhost:3000 to view it.

## Premium Support

[Ionicons Version 3.0 Search](https://github.com/infinitered/ionicons-version-3-search), as an open source project, is free to use and always will be. [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium Ionicons Version 3.0 Search support and general mobile app design/development services. Email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red) to get in touch with us for more details.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Infinite Red, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
